Samuel Jack Morris
GitHub: https://github.com/dodobird181
LinkedIn: https://linkedin.com/in/smorris-profile
Contact: Dodobird181@gmail.com • (250) 508-6292

EXPERIENCE​
The Resilient Urban Systems & Habitat Initiative, Montréal, Québec​
May 2025 – Present
Lead Backend Developer, Remote
• Single-handedly created a Django web-application for uploading, styling, and describing geographic data in a variety
of formats.
• Trained, managed, and supervised a team of volunteer programmers as part of our partnership with Data For Good.
Used Linear to create tasks and monitor individual progress. Helped volunteers navigate difficult tasks and
configure their development environments.
• Responsible for building and maintaining all backend infrastructure, representing RUSH in inter-company meetings,
and planning technical projects on our roadmap while considering key stakeholders.
• Built a custom CI/CD pipeline for automated unit-testing and deployment, as well as an automated backup
management system using Rclone and Backblaze.​
Emburse Inc., Montréal, Québec​
August 2022 – May 2025
Level 2 Software Developer, Remote
• Full-stack Python developer for the Emburse Cards Django web app, responsible for implementing new features,
addressing technical debt, participating in on-call rotations, running deployments, writing unit and integration tests,
planning projects, responding to on-call emergencies, and performing code-reviews.
• Contributed over 85% of the work on an urgent security project to protect our application against fraudulent activity
by using two-factor authentication and monitoring user login activity.
• Led a certification process where I was the sole representative for my team in calls with Apple and Stripe that
involved performing various actions on our backend at the request of a third-party tester.
• Created an internal tool for exporting foreign exchange and cross border fees for our clients, and a cron job for
charging them at the end of their pay periods.
SKYTRAC Systems Ltd., Montréal, Québec​
May – September 2021
Junior Software Developer Internship, Remote
• Spearheaded the development of a new Java application for scheduling, packaging, and sending emails to customers
based on their account’s notification settings.
• Created CI/CD pipelines, Docker images, and unit-tests to streamline application deployment.

EDUCATION​
McGill University, Montréal, Québec​
September 2018 – May 2022​
Bachelor of Arts and Science (B.A. & Sc.) Honours Cognitive Science, Bachelor of Arts, Minor Computer Science. ​
• CGPA 3.55/4.00. Graduated with First Class Honours in May 2022.

SKILLS​
Python: Asyncio, Django, Flask, InteractiveBrokers, Matplotlib, NumPy, OpenAI, OpenTelemetry, Pandas, Plaid, Poetry,
Py4J, PyGame, Stripe. Infrastructure: Bash, CodeFresh, Coralogix, Docker, GitLab, PostgreSQL, MySQL Workbench,
Postman, Kubectl. Workflow: Git, Jira, Confluence, Zendesk, Okta. Java: OOD, Design Patterns, JUnit, JAX-RS, Mockito.
C#: Unity. Other Languages: JavaScript, SQL, HTML, CSS, OCaml.

